If you could be invisible, what is the first thing you would do?
What is a secret you kept from your parents?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
Who is your secret crush?
Who is the last person you creeped on social media?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
What is your biggest regret?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever gone to the bathroom?
What is the most food you've ever eaten in a single sitting?
Which player would survive a zombie apocalypse and which would be the first to go?
Reveal all the details of your first kiss.
What excuse have you used before to get out plans with a friend?
What's the longest you've ever slept?
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
What's your biggest pet peeve?
When was the last time you lied?
What five things would you bring to a desert island?
What's the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the craziest pickup line you've ever used?
What animal do you think you most look like?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is one thing you would stand in line for an hour for?
When was the last time you cried?
What's the longest time you've ever gone without showering?
What's the most embarrassing top-played song on your phone?
What was your favorite childhood show?
If you could be a fictional character for a day, who would you choose?
What's your biggest fear?
What's one silly thing you can't live without?
What is the weirdest trend you've ever participated in?
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What person do you text the most?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What is an instant deal breaker in a potential love interest?
If you could only eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would you choose?
What is the biggest lie you ever told your parents?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever experienced?
Which player knows you the best?
What's your favorite part of your body?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Tell us about the worst date you've ever been on?
Who is your celebrity crush?
What's the strangest dream you've ever had?
What are the top three things you look for in a boyfriend/girlfriend?
What is your worst habit?
How many stuffed animals do you own?
What is your biggest insecurity?
If you were stuck on a deserted island which friend would you want with you?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done on a dare?
How long have you gone without showering?
What's your scariest nightmare?
Have you ever wet the bed?
What were your first impressions of me (the person asking the question)?
Have you ever lied to me?
How many best friends have you had during your lifetime?
What would you do with a million dollars if you ever won the lottery?
Are you scared of dying? Why?
What is your favorite feature about yourself?
What did you think of me before we become friends?
What do you think about while sitting on the toilet?
Would you rather have a sneeze that sounds like a train horn or only be able to do a creepy high-pitched giggle as a laugh?
Would you rather eat a pigeon or a subway rat?
Would you eat an ice cream sunday topped with dead flies in exchange for $50?
If you weren't here, what would you be doing?
If you couldn't go to the college or get the job of your dreams, what would you do?
